ReadME
Beau Treap	20261142
Jonathan Eng	20263557

1.	Running Scheduler

	Usage: [Flag] [Scheduler] [Quantum] [Input File] [Memory Quantum] [-f] [Memoryoutputfile] [-h] 		 
	       [Htmloutputfile]

	Flag :		-s 	Run Scheduler without memory management(default).
			-v	Run Scheduler with memory management.

	Scheduler :	FCFS	First Come First Serve algorithm
			SPN	Shortest Process Next algorithm
			SRT	Shortest Remaining Time algoritm
			RR	Round Robin algorithm

	Quantum :		Set time quantum for use in round robin scheduler process

	Input File : 		File where jobs are to be loaded from

	Memory Quantum :	Print memory usuage at quantum time selected (only if -v is set)

	[-f] :			File to print memory usage to, defaults to vout.file

	Memoryoutputfile :	File that print memory usuage prints into

	[-h] :			Flag for HTML memory visualisation

	Htmloutputfile :	File that Html memory visualisation prints into

Examples:
	./scheduler -s FCFS Jobs.txt
		Runs in scheduler mode using first come first serve algorithm using the jobs from Jobs.txt.

	./scheduler -v RR 2 Jobs.txt 30
		Runs in virtual memory mode using round robin algorithm with a time quanta of 2, view output of virtual memory at time quanta 30. 

2.	Job input file

	Format:	Job[Number] [Arrivaltime] [Processtime] [Pages]
	
	Number :	Index number that is assigned to the job

	Arrivaltime :	Time quanta that the job is to arrive into the CPU, a whole number greater than or equal to 0

	Processtime :	Time quanta that the job requires the CPU to process for, must be a whole number greater than 0

	Pages :		Number of pages in memory the job requires before it can be processed, must be between 1 - 50 


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Structure

-Virtual CPU

This simulator works by implementing a "virtual" cpu. This cpu can have jobs passed onto it, and will schedule the
next job based on the arguments supplied. 


-Memory Object:

The memory gets loaded with Jobs from the Jobs text file. Before loading the Jobs into the memory, the memory gets searched first if the pages in the memory exist. If the number of pages already in the memory exists, and is sufficent for the Job process to be run then the program does not load in new pages but uses the existing pages in there already. If the number of pages is insufficient then load the pages in the memory via the LRU function until the the number of pages required is sufficient. 

The LRU(Least Recently Used) is a function to check for the least recently used pages in memory, so that in the event that the memory becomes full with pages from other Jobs the program can start removing pages from memory based on the least recently used algorithm.

The "Virtual" memory structure contains the key information needed to store the individual pages required by the job processes as well as keeping track of the least recently used pages, the free pages in memory when processes are completed and no longer needs the memory space, and the list of Jobs that are being sent to the CPU to be processed.



Data Structure

-List Macro
We constructed a generic linked list structure that can be used for other projects that require linked list data structures. This generic linked list structure contains access to the individual nodes on the list, the head and tail of the list and an iterator that can access the current and previous nodes on the list. 

-Job
The Job structure contains the job process name, the time of arrival to the CPU, the length of time required to be processed by the CPU, and the number of pages required by the job processed which only needs to be known if the virtual memory mode is used.

-JobInMemory?
The JobInMemory structure is used to store the jobs in memory. It keeps track of the number of pages required by each Job process and the location of where the Job process pages are in memory.    

UnprocessedJob?

ScheduledJob?

-Page:
We had made a page structure that contains the pages that the Job process need inorder to be processed. The page structure keeps track of the Job process, the location to where it is stored in memory and the time that it was last accessed at, for the least recently used algorithm.  

-BONUS HTML VIS:
As a special bonus, the program is able to run a visual step simulation of the memory as the program is stepping through the memory/clock cycles. The javascript shows the contents of each of the 50 frames in the memory by the Job number and colours the block accordingly to what job pages are allocated in thte memory. 

-Debug Files:
We added the functionality of having debug statements to print out when we define the debug function in the file that runs the code. This is so that we can control the amount of debug print outs onto the command line to a sustainable and readable manner. 

